Add instructions about MirrorMaker to the README (#83)
strimzi/metrics-reporter: README.md

consumer.auto.include.jmx.reporter=false
```

### MirrorMaker

> The Source and Checkpoints MirrorMaker connectors expose [metrics](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#georeplication-monitoring). To collect them with the reporter, add the metrics-reporter configurations to the connector configurations. Use the same listener (`prometheus.metrics.reporter.listener`) as Connect to have all metrics exposed together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Source and Checkpoints MirrorMaker connectors expose [metrics](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#georeplication-monitoring). To collect these metrics with the reporter, add the metrics-reporter configurations to the connector configurations. Use the same listener (`prometheus.metrics.reporter.listener`) as Kafka Connect so that all metrics are exposed together.
```

Reviewer: Is "exposed together" clear enough? Do we want to add on the _same endpoint_?

Author: Good idea, done

For example:
```json
{
    "name": "source",
    "connector.class": "org.apache.kafka.connect.mirror.MirrorSourceConnector",

>     ...

Reviewer: should we show prometheus.metrics.reporter.listener again just in case?

Author: I rephrased that bit and added the config in the example. Is this what you had in mind?

Reviewer: Yes, thanks

consumer.auto.include.jmx.reporter=false
```

### MirrorMaker

> The Source and Checkpoints MirrorMaker connectors expose [metrics](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#georeplication-monitoring). To collect these metrics with the reporter, add the metrics-reporter configurations to the connector configurations. Use the same listener (`prometheus.metrics.reporter.listener`) as Kafka Connect so that all metrics are exposed together on same endpoint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Source and Checkpoint MirrorMaker connectors expose [metrics](https://kafka.apache.org/documentation/#georeplication-monitoring). To collect these metrics with the reporter, add the metrics-reporter configurations to the connector configurations. Use the same listener (`prometheus.metrics.reporter.listener`) as Kafka Connect so that all metrics are exposed together on same endpoint.
```

For example, if you configured Kafka Connect to export metrics with the listener set to `http://:8081`, do the same in the connector configuration:
```json
{
    "name": "source",
    "connector.class": "org.apache.kafka.connect.mirror.MirrorSourceConnector",
    ...

    "metric.reporters": "io.strimzi.kafka.metrics.KafkaPrometheusMetricsReporter",

>     "prometheus.metrics.reporter.listener": "http://:8081"

Reviewer 3: Are you sure that we also need this config? I remember that it wasn't needed on my POC where I'm using 9404, but I may be wrong.

Author: You're right, it's not needed. All metrics are collected in the same registry so they are already exposed by the Connect listener anyway. I'll update that bit. While testing this I also found https://github.com/strimzi/metrics-reporter/issues/85

Reviewer: One more thing: Why the different format here as opposed to properties elsewhere?

Author: Actually I think it's better to keep `"prometheus.metrics.reporter.listener": "http://:8081"`. While it's not needed, if it's not present, the reporter will also try to open port 8080. I think users will prefer only opening a single port.

Reviewer 3: What about setting `"prometheus.metrics.reporter.listener.enable": "false"`? I tried and it looks good.

```sh
$ kubectl exec my-mm2-cluster-mirrormaker2-0 -- netstat -tulpn
Active Internet connections (only servers)
Proto Recv-Q Send-Q Local Address           Foreign Address         State       PID/Program name    
tcp6       0      0 :::9404                 :::*                    LISTEN      129/java            
tcp6       0      0 :::8083                 :::*                    LISTEN      129/java            
tcp6       0      0 :::33953                :::*                    LISTEN      129/java
```

Author: I've updated the paragraph to include that
